== colorize
    http://colorize.rubyforge.org
    http://fazibear.prv.pl

== DESCRIPTION:
  
Ruby string class extension. It add some methods to set color, background color and text effect on console easier. Uses ANSI escape sequences.

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:
  
* change string color
* change string background
* change string effect

== SYNOPSIS:

  Some usage samples:

  puts "This is blue".colorize( :blue )
  puts "This is light blue".colorize( :light_blue )
  puts "This is also blue".colorize( :color => :blue )
  puts "This is light blue with red background".colorize( :color => :light_blue, :background => :red )
  puts "This is light blue with red background".colorize( :light_blue ).colorize( :background => :red )
  puts "This is blue text on red".blue.on_red
  puts "This is red on blue".colorize( :red ).on_blue
  puts "This is red on blue and underline".colorize( :red ).on_blue.underline
  puts "This is blue text on red".blue.on_red.blink
  puts "This is uncolorized".blue.on_red.uncolorize

  Class methods:

  String.colors - return array of all possible colors names
  String.modes  - return array of all possible modes
  String.color_matrix - displays color matrix with color names
  String.color_matrix( "FOO" ) - display color matrix with "FOO" text

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Win32/Console/ANSI (for Windows)

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install colorize

== LICENSE:

colorize - Ruby string class extension. It add some methods to set color, background color and text effect on console easier using ANSI escape sequences.

Copyright (C) 2007 Michal Kalbarczyk

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA. 
